A good phone, with average quality of every thing like touch, camera , processor and of course battery after a use of about 6 months battery life is only 7-8hrs with average use . customer care experience is very poor, will not suggest you to go for one plus products.
~
Good phone.
Hardware is pretty awesome but cant say same for the software.
Had to flash cygenmod rom for better performance. Default Rom has lots of issues like connectivity issue, delay in showing screen when both sims are activated.
~
No reason to dislike it.. Good Camera, superb screen and back side of mobile is glass top that feels to good
~
Except the mic and speaker sound level, everything is superb. The display is quite good. The more special part is its design carving at the edges and front camera. The selfies are awesome . The battery life is good enough for long day. The battery is charged quickly with 1+ provided 2A charger. There are no heating problems with the phone. One thing I am disappointed is that they should have provided ear phones. The software looks similar to the raw android OS, there are no moe extra GUI like xiaomi and I am loving it.
~
Pros
1) very fast.
2) beautiful display
3)1 full day battery
4) beautiful design
5) value for money
6) pretty much one had use.
7) no heating issues even after 2 hours of playing mortal kombat.
8) VR support. Google cardboard works fine with it.

Cons
1) don't drop it. Its very delicate because of the glass body. I got a spigen case to protect it.
2) bad camera for low light and indoor. Focus issues still exist even after software updates.
3) no IR.
~
Fine I have been using it since a month, good looking , more importantly I like the gesture settings, tends to heat over Wi-Fi a lot , default cam app is not as expected ( I use camera FV for better results ) , so far gaming is good on this piece , bad thing is that even though this is the latest model there is no marshmallow update or no news regarding the update for this model , touch is good , Hardware is much better but oxygen is not upto the mark . a bit better than mi4 in some features.
~
Mobile is getting extremely heated.
Because of heating its getting slow down.
Also there is problem in catching good speed in case of WIFI network.
~
One of the worst phones ever purchased , battery back up less than 8 hrs , gets heated up very fast . very delicate phone . camera not good , flash doesn't work for the camera , zooming very bad , donot go by the looks . low quality used to build the phone ... if you want to waste your money go for this
~
Under 20k this is the best phone you can get.
It's so premium and gorgeous,
Camera is just awesome, the display is supurb
Battery could have been better ...
Buy it if u want something different from croud... It's a fresh phone.. So uncommon ..
Overall it's a value for money pick...
~
Battery issues
Heating issues
Slippery
Attracts alot of fingerprints
Hybrid slot for Sim and external memory card