Fingerprint.
Lightning fingerprint recognition speed. I'm blown by this.
Camera.
The camera performs better than any other device of this category.
Battery.
Battery backup is great too. 38% after all day long medium usage and game play.
~
OnePlus 2 is the BEST phone, Before I've used Google Nexus 5 and its a jump from Nexus to OnePlus 2.
Pros :-
1. Great Camera.
2. Superb Battery.
3. Build Quality is Awesome.
4. Fingerprint Sensor is very accurate (After the two updates)
5. Sandstone feel is definitely upgraded and Rich
~
Cons
1.)Camera app is very basic and there is a big scope of improvement.
2.)Finding a cable for car or USB type C converter is really difficult. Still struggling to find one.
3.)Battery life should have been better considering the listed mah.
4.)Does heat up near the camera when engaged for sometime but its intermittent.
Positives
1.)Asthetics.
2.)Display is crisp and clear.
3.)Speed is excellent.
4.)camera is good.
5.)Finger print sensor is amazing feature.
6.)Internal storage doesn't leave u wanting for more.
7.)I had read reviews about long Battery charging time but I find it pretty satisfactory.
~
Display is good but not great, if you are coming from Samsung's AMOLED displays you will certainly notice the difference that AMOLED displays have vibrant punchy colors and deep blacks. OnePlus could have used any technology to improve its display like Sony uses Triluminous technology in their IPS panels and LG uses Quantom Dot technology, there is nothing such here as it uses normal LTPS LCD panel, overall viewing experience is good, colors look natural and adequate for a 1080p display but don't expect QuadHD or AMOLED type of display quality.
Sound quality on the speaker is great and inbuilt EQ settings which are 'Maxx Audio by Waves' software works like wonder when earphones are plugged in.
Earpiece volume is average and not so loud. Vibration motor is also weak, I missed few calls when I put my phone in vibration mode while I was driving.
Battery backup is great even on normal to medium usage this phone easily lasts a day and on minimal usage definitely lasts 2 days.
Plenty of RAM 4GB easily handles heavy apps in multitasking without any issues.
Camera is the part where this phone shines, I have done heavy testing taking many shots in different conditions and compared to other phones and boy I have to agree that OmniVision Sensor in OnePlus 2 is a marvel. Low light pics look great even without flash though there is a shutter lag occasionally. OnePlus could have used better UI for camera as it looks old school with very basic options. Hope OnePlus updates the camera UI and adds more features and tweaks in future updates.
~
Pros:
1. Good performance (4GB RAM, 810 snapdragon cheap-set)
2. Fingerprint works pretty good and quite speedy
3. Good touch response
4. Good looks by adding side aluminum strip
5. Powerful Camera
6. Added extra button for muting any notification
7. Good hardware at this cost, for sure
8. Speedy delivery by amazon
Cons:
1. After you uses mobile for continuous 20-25 mins phone started heating considerably
a. This might be because of 810 snapdragon cheap-set (every phone who uses this cheap-set has the same problem), hope it will resolve after we get new software update (Marshmallow 6.0)
2. Camera app is too basic one (even after updates of manual feature of oxygen)
3. Phone size is bit big (Ok for whom using this size of phone for a while, 5.5”)
4. Photos at less light (mostly at night) not so impressive
~
First of all I would like to share my appreciations to the customer service of Amazon. You are doing a great job!
The phone's interface and performance is very snappy thanks to the 4GB RAM and Snapdragon 810 processor. The finger print sensor works like a charm as well. The phone had some heating and quick battery discharge issue and I chatted with the Oneplus Customer service and they advised me to perform a data and cache wipe. After this action my phone is working without any issues apart from the odd phone heating while on charge. Overall a great buy and will suggest this phone to others too.
~
Pros:
1) Great build quality.
2) Fast fingerprint scanner.
3) Performance is flawless. 4 GB Ram, 810 processor you should not expect less.
4) Display is awesome and does get very bright. Best in this price range.
5) Packaging and included usb type c charger is great.
6) Oxygen OS runs without any lag and is close to stock android look.
Cons:
1) Battery life is not great. It will take you through the day with moderate usage with around 4 hrs screen on time which seems less considering 3300 mAh battery.
2) It does gets heated up easily but no drop in performance.
3) Camera performed below expectation. Seems to be a software issue.
4) Fingerprint scanner cannot be used with other apps like in IOS or some of the galaxy phones. Might get fixed in next version of android.
~
The Good : -
-- Awesome camera
-- Great Build
-- Clear and pleasing speakers
-- Snappiest processor
-- Notification toggle is awesome

The Bad -
-- Mono Speaker

The Ugly -
-- Though software is great and customization it has some bugs.
-- Finger Print scanner give you glitch out of 5/100 .
~
Pros:
1. Great performance. Never slows down. It has a 4 GB RAM and 1.8GHz octa-core processor. It's as good as it gets.
2. Very high-quality camera: 13MP primary camera and 5MP front facing camera.
3. Shortcut gestures that work even when the phone is locked. I especially like the flashlight shortcut. When I enter a dark room, I can quickly turn on the flashlight by drawing "V" on the phone. No need to unlock the phone and click on something.
4. Fingerprint scanner to unlock.
5. The sandstone back-cover gives good grip. No fear of your phone slipping.
6. Allows a nice range of brightness control. The highest brightness is very good, good enough even in sunlight. The lowest level is really low and useful to save battery.

Cons:
1. Does not have a slot for extendable memory card. But with 64 GB in-built memory, I wouldn't need one.
2. The phone heats up during charging and during heavy downloading.
3. There's no quick way to adjust media volume. The volume rocker works in an in-context mode. It can control the media volume only when the media is playing. But if you want to reduce the volume before playing the media, let us say because you do not want to start playing too loudly, then you cannot use the volume rocker, because it would only change the ring volume at that time. It's a small irritation, but it is still one. There are apps on playstore to ease this problem though.
4. Supports only USB type-C, which does not work with common micro USB cables. But that's not a big problem, if you buy a type C adapter. I bought two for under Rs.300. With these, it connects to any common micro USB cables.
5. Phone speakers volume is not too great. But I have a bluetooth speaker, so this is not so much of a problem to me.
~
Pros :
Wonderful camera. No complaints
Powerful processor, smooth multi tasking
Display is amazing
Battery Backup is good. Lasts an entire day even though i am connected to wifi all the time
Game play is good. Have played Asphalt 8, Fast and furious : legacy without any lags. Marvel : Contest of champions lags a bit though
Call quality is amazing
Looks - fantatstic. The metal around the sides gives it a real premium look
Sound quality amazing
Cons :
No fast charging
Metal sides tend to heat a lot while gaming and loading heavy apps
One strange issue. when you r using two sims and have set option for "ask everytime" on calls for sim selection, it skips asking u for sim selection for the first time. next time it works. Minor software bug. Should be fixed in next update.

