PROS (+) : 
1. Great Display, full HD display
2. Ultra smooth touch
3. Light weight
4. I played high graphics games like Relic run, Need for speed most wanted , gameplay was super smooth.
5 Android 5.0 (Other phones in this range comes with Android 4.4.4, for example Huawei Honor 4X, Xiaomi Mi4i).
6. Good camera quality.
7. Screenguard comes along the package and it FITS PHONE PERFECTLY (Few users mentioned that the screenguard didn't fit, they must be some kind of jerk)
8. Smooth video play, i played a Full HD video on YouTube and it played perfectly. (Some users complained that there was a lag in video play, they need to check their internet speed, i tested on 8Mbps airtel broadband and it worked perfectly).
9. Multitasking works perfect without any lag.
10. Nice Vibe UI, not the best but definitely good.
11. Great benchmark score of 45853 on AnTuTu Benchmark tool (More than phones like OnePlus One, Xiaomi Mi 4 etc.) 
12. Great sound, Dolby Atmos really does the job well.
Cons (-) :
1. Only 1GB of RAM is remaining out of 2GB.
2. Front camera quality not so great as i would expect.
3. 3000mAh battery not sufficient for the phone, battery drains fast.
4. Charging time is high.
5. Doesn't feel sturdy in Hand, build quality could have been a bit better.
~
Firstly I thank Flipkart service for delivering my product faster and safer (Without any headaches). Special thanks to WS Retailer.
Lenovo has come up with a very good model at low price with awesome specs and it initiated the high competitive levels in smart phones society. 
Coming to Killer Note... Its quite common for any product to have pros and cons. lets see
Pros: 
- Good performance
- Reasonable battery standby on 4G
- Good camera quality
- Lightweight - don't feel carrying it
- Response faster though it shows only 750-900 MB RAM (don't know how it response for HD games,i never played so far)
- Sound with Dolby Atmos is awesome (Good for music lovers)
- Display is good but not gorilla glass
- Comes with Screen film and Airtel 4G sim, need not specially to go to shop for screen cover.
- Many apps were comes installed, Ready made android phone (except whatsapp :P ) and many good features as many android mobiles has. 
Cons:
-- SAR level is high(1.59 W/g -- 1.6 is limit) which is major defect.
-- l found littlebit heating issue while using wifi and on call (as I am using from 15th June), but less compared to other products
-- Poor body design it doesn't give great look especially with white unless u put back cases and all i mean white back and black front doesnt match exactly. 
-- Volume and power keys are attached to back panel (its advantageous in one sense bcz you can change it whenever they become old)
-- Slow charging
-- No headset (its okay bcz we will have our own sets, though they give may not be quality ones) 
These are about Killer, as we see there are not bigger cons (they are common for every phone) to say and has awesome pros. 
~
Good : 

1) Great UI
2) No lags.
3) Sound quality is good.
4) Awesome display
5) Very smoothness.
6) Game performance is better than Mi4i

Bad: 

Every thing Good expect rear camera. 
1) Average camera quality. 
2) No face detection features in rear camera.
3) Lot of pre installed apps. we can't remove it.
~
Pros
1. Light Weight, build quality and design
2. Screen clarity
3. Display is crisp 
4. Dolby Atmos audio quality
5. Battery back
6. USB cable (good quality) & screen guard provided
7. Vibe UI is attractive and useful. Internal security apps also good

Cons 
1. bloatware ( I have uninstalled few ,but some are sticky ) 
2. No protective screen ( something like Gorilla Glass) ( Personally I feel this should be there with charges accordingly ) 
3 Feel charging via a computer USB port is little slow ( need to check again )

Totally satisfied with Initial usage. Will update after testing.
~
I bought this phone on 1st flash sale and following are my observartions using it for 1 days.

PROS
1. Light weight.All the persons who checked my mobile was surprised of light weight it was.Good weight distibution
2.Audio quality-Very crisp and clear with dolby audio(Tested with sennheiser CX 275 s).
3. Display: Full HD and it was Awesome experince.Tried watching HD video and it was like wow. Similar to Sony Bravia display phones .
4. Body: Good build quality for below 10000 phones.Very slim and handy
5. Connectivity: tried bluetooth,wifi and 4g.Everything is awesome and works as expected
6. Games: Plays all high end games smoothly .
7. Camera: Front camera is awesome for selfies.Back camera is very nice compared to other sub 10k phones.
8. Storage: 16gb is ample.Really good for installing apps
9. Black color phone is really good looking .Nice premium looks.
10. Myself Installed Lolipop launcher and now you will not miss app launcher.
11. 1.5 Amps charger and it looks sturdy and good in the price segment.

CONS :
1. Need improvement for camera on low lit areas and indoor
2. Minimum 1 GB Ram is always occupied for OS and preinstalled Apps.
3. Battery backup is ok .keeps it for 1 day after using 3.5 hours of wifi and internet.If i continuously use for 6 hours of wifi and 3g, it will be finished.

But all PROS shadows the cons.Go for it blindly.
~
After Using this phone for about three days. These are my views about it.

1) Display: Amazing, Looks good. Clarity is great and you can adjust the tone according to your taste. But the ambient light sensor doesnt work properly in low lit areas and show weird response. Might be a software glitch that may improve with update. Another thing i noticed after using phone a lot, the touch response starts loosing sense in lower portion of screen. Might be its in my phone or software issue.
2)Sound: Rear speaker is loud and has enough clarity. Use better earphones and u will love the sound through atmos software in the phone.
3)Calls: its clear with good reception and clarity. Just the sound through ear piece is bit low to my liking.
4)SAR: Didnt face any headache or anything. Does heat at ear piece if u accept calls while its charging.
5)Camera: Both rear and front camera are good not the best. Takes good pictures even in low light. But ur hand should be sturdy or u would get blurred images. No image stabilization. Videos taken are good but no touch to focus sometimes create a mess.
6)Battery and Charging: Battery lasts a full day if u are a moderate user with all settings at on. Heavy user can accept charging at evening. 5 hrs of screen on time is good
7)Apps: When storage is set to phone no apps can store data to sd card and when storage set to sd card. sd card is ur primary memory and all data saved to sd card. Even whatsapp data. phone storage remains intact.
~
lets start with the pros of K3 note.
1. Display, the display is crisp and vivid, its accurate and the colour reproduction is accurate. the viewing angles are good but not great. you will not find a reason to complain and there is a option to boost display brightness in sunlight under settings. it needs to be tested as i have not seen the sun due to rains in past 2 days of getting device. 

2. Build is good and the soft touch back is nice to hold, its same build and look of A6000, A7000 and i do not see the reason to complain the vol and power buttons are metal and thats good. 

3. Sensors which are needed are present, you have double tap to wake and gesture controls. there is no tap to sleep. i admire the fact that lenovo has given proper sensors and led notification light. it has gyro, accelerometer, magnetometer, orientation sensor, gravity sensor, light and proximity sensor and all of them work well. 

4. 5 mpx front facing camera is good, it has beauty shot and 13mpx rear camera is decent. it can be compared to M1 Note and One+ camera and i assure you lenovo K3 camera is than meizu M1 note and on par with oneplus camera 

5. both sims support 4G which is good thing and the network strength and call quality is good. i can say that voice quality over the earpiece is better than oneplus one. the rear speaker is good too, better than Mi4I and has good depth of voice. there is no distortion of sound. loudness is lower than oneplus and A6000 plus but better than M1 Note from meizu and Mi 4I. 

6. WIFI and tethering have good range, in my house the last room gets very low signal strength but K3 note was showing 1 or 2 bars where other mobile like Oneplus either drop wifi or show just a dot. speed over cellular network is very good. 

7. GPU is Mali T760 MP2, which will let you play any game in playstore without a issue. but the thing here is the same GPU performs better in A7000 as it has less pixels to push on screen. i have noticed some lag and drops in frame in some heavy games like asphalt 8, NOVA while they play better on A7000. 

8. Touch is good and i would say better than A6000+ which i was using earlier and i would say touch response is better than One+. 

Now coming to CONS. the device is very good but not the perfect device as it could have been. 
1. the look is similar to A7000 and the design is now old, all the A6000, A6000+, A7000 and K3 note are same design. also the back on K3 note is less rigid than one on A6000+ 

2. SAR ratings are the highest on any device seen in recent times, its almost at the allowed limit. allowed limit in India is 1.6 w/kg and K3 note has 1.59 w/kg. very high. dont get this device if you talk a lot on your cell phone. i am quite suprised that no one talks about this 

3. there is no protection on glass like corning or dragontrail, the glass is hardned glass as per what customer support told me but its a finger print magnet and it does get scratched quite easily as i have seen on A7000. get a tempered glass of good quality 
~
I was using Mi 3 which I bought on first batch sale, It is one of the most beautiful and awesome proforming mobile.
This time on first sale I bought LENOVO K3 note, It didnt disappoint me in terms of value for money.

Good things.
1).Nice Built quality.
2).Superb music quality.
3).Very handy to use even with 5.5 inch screen.
4). Awasome UI.(better then MIUI)

Not Good things.
1). Battery back up is very bad.
2). Its getting heat while watching youtube videos and front camera.
3). In last one week usage it got hanged once, I am scared.

If your are upgrading from lower end mobile this will be the superb choice, but not worth to jump from any flagshilp phones.
~
Hi Friends, 

This is a overall product it have some demerits like: 
1. Back cover is very poor quality.
2. very poor quality rear camera as compared to other phone camera as per 13 mp.
3. resolution is not good whenever zoom a picture.
4. this phone is very weight less not like 150 g.
5. Not given earphone with this product this is big issue also.
6. The SAR value is very high as per the govt of India permitted,not good for health.
7. Screen quality is also very poor. 
8. Sound is very slow when set below 70% volume control.
9. flipkart can't fulfil delivery comttment as per given time. 
10. flipkart shows 3000mah battery in specification page but actually it is 2900mah.
so finally friends don't buy this phone as per price. 
~
I am normal User like phone calls,Facebook, whats app, mail checking.

PROS:

1) Value for Money
2) Screen is Good ( Colors reproduction & Sharpness are good)
3) Dual sim with expandable storage ( inbuilt 16 GB)
4) Camera is good in good light condition ( Front & Rear)

CONS :
1) Phone gets heated with less Usage like 5 mins talking to call.
2) Battery Charging took more time even with 2.1A output. ( approx 3-4 hours)
3) Bit lag occasionally
4) Battery discharge is very fast .. even when its idle (on 3G every 3 mins 1% will drain)

