Motorola moto phone is very poor its not work properly and sensor are too weak and some time software is crash and totally phone is very poor
~
Not found a single negative thing.
Good resolution camera.
Easy figure touch unlocking.
Awesome look.
Unexpectedly light weight.
Nice battery backup.
Screen resolution is really good.
Fast processing and responsive.
And of course budget phone.
Just go for it.
~
Camera is super awesome, I think its the best in this range. The last auto focus is a killer.And this time it works.
Battery life seems ok. Can't comment much now. Though I haven't noticed any unusual battery draining.
Display is better than the previous moto G's.
Build quality is super. Motorola have long tradition of realise handsets with excellent build quality. This one is no exception.
Some cool features are there. Like moto display, which will turn on automatically when you take it out of your pocket. And a few more. Will comment later
Front camera takes some really sharp and accurate photos. The camera sensor is a wide angle one.
Speakers have nice sound output, though not the best.
The sides are rounded and are smooth. Helps while gaming.
Finger print works flawlessly.
~
Camera is good as compare to other Moto phones also fingerprint is very fast
Phone is having heating issue while usage OR while charging.
Gaming wise phone is having lil bit of delay in graphics.
~
Awesome phone, i loved it the day i received it , got my phone on second day of order, using it for around a week, so far its flaw less.
Battery is superb, turbo charger does it job very well, charge it full within an hour.
Camera quality is awesome bot front/rear cam, i cant resist myself taking snaps all day.
~
Its a good phone over all. but not worth it i feel, i expected much more from moto
1)Display is good AND feel of the phone is good. little hard to use in one hand, still i love big screen phones.
2)FingerPrint sensor is the best, very fast n responsive, works for other apps as well such as app locks etc(which is awesome)
ppl complaint about moto placing the sensor in front unlike other phone in rear, but trust me, its more easy to use in front rather than rear under regular and normal usage. Thanks to moto design.
3)Battery back up is bad as per me, i get hardly 10 to 12 hours on normal usage under wifi usage.
i have not used mobile data so far, i should be less than wifi for sure
4)thanks to turbo charging, the phone charges really fast, hence above complaint about battery backup can be ignored, 10% to 100% in just 1 hour even less
4) Camera is simply mind blowing, its worth 15k
5) storage is good, 32 gb worth the cash
6) 3 gb ram is more than sufficient for this phone, never laged so far in terms of memory management.
7) Processor is bad, my phone freezed and restarted 2 times from past 5 days since it would not bare the load, i am worried what about further usage, since i game a lot.
8) Game play is good but not Great, dint lag so far
9) the worst of all above points is the heating issue, phone heats like hell, specially when u play games and reco ,rd video in full hd.
~
Best Display for this price
* Awesome battery
* Multitasking is really fantastic (RAM used by the system is comparatively less. Switching between the Apps are super fast).
* Design and build quality is really superb (You are gonna love the Edges).
* There is no heating issues (Tried HD games and high no: of Apps together).
~
Pros:
Camera has improved a lot
Fingerprint scanner is very responsive
Raw Android is so good on the phone
Display is lovely
Speed of the device is pretty good
Turbo Charger is like a life saver!
Cons:
No USB cable in the box
The in box earphones are useless
~
Pros:
Super fast
Good Camera
Very nice display
Pure android with very minimal moto UI elements
Very light to hold
Very fast fingerprint sensor
Cons:
Heats up while charging - not much
Lags very little when device is really hot - not a big negative, very little
~
Light weight
Great display
Excellent camera
Performs brilliantly when comes to daily task
Great for gaming
No heating issue
Quick charge ensures i never run short of juice
Will get timely upgrades to latest android